Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the application you developed. What user needs was this application designed to address?  The goals and requirements of this application that I developed was to help students register for courses without duplicating class registration, going over the maximum allowed credits, and actively increasing the enrolled credits as new classes are registered, What was required was that each course carry 3 credit hours each, and that the program terminates when user requires only.
What did you do particularly well in developing this application? I think i executed the main goals of the application by ensuring that my program was fully functional, it had appropriate messages for the user based on input, and registered them for the max allowed credits.
Compare and contrast the Console and WPF application designs. What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful? Console apps are text based and usually open within a terminal in windows since they do not have any dedicated screens of their own. I really enjoyed WPF on the other hand, utilizing it with software like visual studio, being able to see error codes, being able to run the program through a visual debugger made it all come together for me. My UI design was successful because it is user friendly, very minimally designed so as not to overwhelm the user, large readable text and clickable buttons all helped keep the user in mind as well.
How did you approach the process of debugging and coding your application? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could you use those techniques or strategies in the future? I started by running the program as is first, to get an idea of what part of the program needed to be modified. From there I took it line by line, using the debug method as I went along. I used previous lessons as a guideline for completing the application as well. 
Where did you have to be innovative to overcome a challenge in the full application development process? I just had to utilize the skills that I learned in this course, there wasn't much that I needed to innovate, I was able to successfully complete my application and im very pleased with the results.
